# Water World War

![Waxing crescent](http://quanyindivination.com/wp-content/themes/quanyindivination/images/moon-5.png)

The party, now stranded on a sparse archipelago five day's sailing to the north of Harbour Town must come up with a plan
to survive, rescue their comrades, and get back to the mainland. They begin to encircle the island in search of some
hope, and aim to not be ensnared by the Kuo Toa who live here.

## Battle: Chuul

While they investigate the island they are stalked and attacked by a chuul. As the party overpowers this beast that
could easily destroy a normal man they feel growing confidence in their prowess as adventurers.

After searching the small offshore island that the chuul was on, they discover a tattered leather duffel bag that must
have belonged to a departed sailor. Inside it were 4 pieces of agate, a potion of healing, and three spell scrolls.

## Land ho'

Following this encounter, the party paddles in their folding boat to continue around the island. As they reach the
northwest corner, they realize they are being observed and take this as a sign that they should head to shore so as not
to be ambushed while in the boat.

The beach they land on is strangely pock marked with man-sized holes. Gavlan is tempted to investigate these holes and
Power eggs him on.

## Battle: Assault of the Kuo Toa

The Kuo Toa who have been tracking the party attacks and Gavlan jumps into a hole to discover an underground passageway
filled with water and lights. Power and Gizmo back on land are unsure whether to attack the Kuo Toa or flee. As Gavlan
emerges again from the beach holes they attempt to flee.

Just then a Kuo Toa archpriest arrives and flight seems to become hopeless. Luckily, as this has transpired a party of
pirates has rowed to shore and makes quick work of the captors. The archpriest flees and the adventurers are taken 
aboard the pirates' ship.

## Meeting with the Correrris

The leader of this pirate band is none other than Correrris, the legendary half-orc sorceress who is the scourge of 
these seas. She meets with the adventurers and inquires about the scepter of mind control. She had sent a man to claim
it but he was unable to and likely became a ghost.

She insists that the scepter is a critical tool in her effort to calm the turmoil among the aquatic people of these
seas. Supposedly the king of the aquatic elves is bewitched by some magic and makes war with the sahuagins. Further, an
elder sea hag has sent the merrow who answer to her aid the sahuagins in the battle. The aquatic elves have ordered many
weapons from Harbour Town which are finer than any that can be forged under water and they are slaughtering many sea
creatures, which gains them more opposition from more aquatic creatures. This has made the sea extremely dangerous to do
business on.

She insists that the scepter is likely the only thing that can control the bewitched elf king. She also indicates that
only a powerful magic user such as herself can attune to the scepter. Power gives her the scepter in good (evil) faith.

The other part of her plan is to ask the bronze dragon who dwells in this archipelago for assistance in getting through
the aquatic elves' defenses to get to the king to attempt to free him of his madness. The ship sets sail for the island
where the dragon is known to dwell and the party are allowed to roam the ship.

## Rewards

- Experience from defeated enemies: 1200 (divided by 3 adventurers, 400 each)
- Experience from surviving the Kuo Toa onslaught: 300 each
- Treasure: 4 agate, 1 potion of healing, 1 scroll of unseen servant, 1 scroll of shape water, 1 scroll of gust of wind
- Downtime days: 5
