# Log: Beneath the Hills

The evening is ending after dispatching the pirate menace. The guild artisans confirm that these were the pirates that
threatened their families and say that they owe the adventurers tremendously. They offer to silver their weapons at no
cost for the labour if only they can be brought enough silver. Their workshop is facing the market square in Harbour
Town.

After a long rest, the party decides to take on the challenge described in Veradda Stoor's poster and head out toward
the rendezvous point near Parnast. Along the road they get to know each other and hear of each others' backgrounds. They
also interact with some locals along the road who warn them of danger as they approach the mountains.

As the sun sets on the first night, they scout the region before setting up camp. It is discovered that a giant had
passed along this road recently, but is probably no longer near. They keep watch over the night, which passes without
trouble. During Gavlan, the dwarf fighter's watch, he captured a rat, which he now keeps as a pet.

## The Rendezvous

They march out in the morning. As midday arrives they start to see landmarks that indicate they're nearing the point
specified by the map on the poster.

They arrive just as dusk approaches and are shocked to find evidence of a battle. The ground is scarred with claw marks,
stained with blood, and there are foot prints in a variety of sizes and shapes. Tree branches are torn from their 
trunks, and large stones appear to have been hurled.

Kvothe, the half-elf druid, sends his owl to investigate from higher up. The owl beckons them to an area filled with the
signs of a dramatic conflict. In the middle of this area lays Veradda Stoor's dead body. Her fine robes are slashed and 
bloodied. She is clearly a powerful, talented adventurer, and her assailants must have been very string indeed if they
were to annihilate her so.

Near her body is a notebook filled with information regarding tracking down treasures. This was clearly Veradda's 
personal notes. Several pages at the end of the book are torn out. The text on the pages leading up to the torn ones
indicate that the missing pages must have included what details she knew about the treasure of the Cult of the Dragon.

Upon searching her body, five scrolls are found. It turns out, Veradda is a well prepared adventurer and has copies of
the notes detailing the locations of the caches of treasure that she was recruiting adventurers to help her find.

The party, at the suggestion of Candor, the tiefling sorcerer, lights a funeral pyre for Veradda's body. While they're
doing this, Gizmo, the gnome wizard, makes a copy of the notes for safe keeping.

Upon discussing the notes, the party agrees that it's a race against time to find these treasures before their
competitors do, and set out in haste toward the first cache, which is in a cave quite near to where they are.

When they arrive at the cave, they investigate the entrance to see that many hundreds of goblins and at least two
giants were recently here. They cautiously enter the cave, in spite of the obvious danger.

## Battle: Goblins

As they enter the first cavern, they are surprised by five goblins that immediately attack them. The goblins don't pose
much of a threat to the adventurers and are quickly slain. After searching the bodies and finding two vials of
Alchemist's Fire, Candor and Gavlan choose to burn the goblin bodies in the passageway leading out of the cave.

An investigation of the cavern ensues. It is lit with lanterns and there are two passageways leading out. One is clearly
caved in. Upon investigating the cave in, they find that there is the corpse of a giant under the rubble. It appears as 
though the passage was deliberately weakened to act as a trap.

As they go toward the other passage to investigate, hundreds of tiny squeaks echo from further in the cave.

## Battle: Tiny Goblin Swarms

Two swarms of rat-sized goblins erupt from the passageway and extinguish the lanterns in the cave. The party hacks away
at the goblins with every means available, while the goblins try to injure the party with their tiny scimitars.

After slaughtering the hoards of mini goblins, the bodies begin to return to normal size. Carric, the half-elf fighter 
who recently learned of his own eldritch power, knows of this kind of shrinking magic and thinks that it wears off 
either after death or in as little as an hour. Based on this, the adventurers decide to proceed further into the cave in
case there is a giant, because it would be much easier to deal with one if it were shrunk.

## Battle: Slayermighty the Giant

They go through the unobstructed passage into another cavern. As they arrive, a high pitched growl alerts a figure at
the other end of the cavern. The growl appears to have come from a black bear who has been shrunk to the size of a house
cat. The bear slinks away into an alcove.

The figure at the end of the cavern announces himself to be Slayermighty the giant, though he is only the size of a 
goblin. He charges forth to attack the party, swinging his club ferociously. The party overpowers him and he dies to an
arrow shot by Carric straight through his eye. Upon searching his body, before it becomes unreasonably large, they find
a Potion of Healing, and they remove a necklace with 20 copper charms from his neck.

Where the giant was standing when they entered is an open chest, but inside is nothing but a note, written by the cloud
giants who came and claimed the treasure and set up the traps.

## Saving Blooddrinker the Bear

The cat-sized bear is clearly badly affected by the shrinking curse. Kvothe heals the bear, but is afraid the shrinking
spell will be permanent. The bear wears a pink collar with writing that matches that on the charm necklace that 
Slayermighty wore. It is deduced that this text says Blooddrinker in giant, which is the name of the bear.

After Blooddrinker is feeling better, she takes a liking to Kvothe and begins to follow him around, attempting to do
tricks to entertain him.

Satisfied that the cave has no more to offer, the party leaves, carrying Blooddrinker over the piles of goblin bodies.
They set up camp outside the cave entrance and have a long rest before deciding which treasure cache to venture to next.

## Rewards

- Experience for defeated enemies: 675 (divided by 5 adventurers, 135 each)
- Experience for saving Blooddrinker the bear: 25 each
- Spoils: 2 vials of Alchemist's Fire, 1 Potion of Healing, necklace with 20 copper charms
- Gold: none
- Downtime days: 5
