# The Hunter and The Hunted

The party, with the dead malenti's body lain in the boat, stealthily carry the load through town after sunset. When they
get to the outskirts of town they set up camp to rest until sunrise.

## Understanding the magic hat

During their rest, Gizmo identifies the hat he found in the boat to be a magical item. It allows him to perform
disguise self at will. However, the illusion extends no more than a foot above or below his diminutive stature.

In the morning, the party carries the malenti the rest of the way to the temple that is situated among the farmland
outside of town. They are driven by their purpose of getting more information about why the sahuagins sabotaged the
weapons at the smiths.

## Knocking on the temple's door

When they arrive at the temple, they are somewhat puzzled to see that there are two identical small, temple-styled
buildings standing next to each other. Candor approaches the more centrally located one. Not receiving a prompt answer
to his call, he lights the wooden door of the building on fire. From within, water is conjured to extinguish the flames,
and the door remains barred. 

## Battle: Io

At that moment, a tiefling rogue emerges from the shadow of the building and attacks Candor, fiercely admonishing him to
not disturb her hunt.

## Bear on a mission

After mollifying the rogue, she introduces herself as Io. She claims to have been "hunting" the other temple for days.
The party is focused on their errand and insist on gaining entry to the temple. Kvothe in his impatience, in bear form,
pushes down the door and chases the cleric within out into the yard.

The cleric is startled by many things, including the presence of a copy of his temple sitting on top of his garden.
Carric, suspicious of this, and focused on getting the cleric to do his duty instead of freaking out, looses an arrow
at the door of the other temple.

This doesn't seem to amount to much. Gizmo sends Zampo to check out the other temple, who notices a number of swords
stuck into its backside. Kvothe goes to check out the other temple, and decides to bite and claw it.

## Battle: Giant mimic

The temple's appearance softens and begins to sprout pseudopods. The wooden door that had an arrow in it turns into a
mouth filled with giant teeth. Kvothe is now adhered to the side of the sticky creature and is dragged a short distance
before the party overwhelms the creature and ends it. Gavlan found his way back to the party and lands the killing blow.

## Forced hands

Without any care for the sanctity of the temple or its rites, the party coerces the cleric to perform Speak with Dead on
the malenti. They learn that the malenti were meant to report to the "mayor". The party persuades the cleric to also
remove their greed curses.

## Distressed land

Then as they discuss what to do now that they've lost favour with the cleric at this temple, a farmer in extreme 
distress pleads that they help him. He points the pasture where his cows are grazing. The keen eyed of the adventurers
can see that the land is caving in around the field. Everyone, including Io, are persuaded by the farmer to help, and
they run toward the field.

## Battle: Ankheg and griffon

When they arrive at the field, they see a grazing cow get nabbed by giant bug pincers. The adventurers brace themselves
and quickly dispatch the ankheg when it emerges. They soon learn that they were not the only things waiting for the bug
to emerge. Just then a griffon that was hunting the beast swoops down from the sky. The startled adventurers eliminate 
the griffon with too little effort.

## Tunnel into town

Noticing that the ankheg tunnel can be entered, all the party with the exception of Candor enter and follow the tunnel.
Candor follows along the path above ground. Eventually the party finds themselves met with a stone wall that prevents
and further movement. Candor messages them to tell them that they have arrived at town and that there are houses above
where the tunnel would lead.

Candor then goes to investigate the houses in this area. He is soon introduced to Charl, the custodian of the tunnels
underneath Harbour Town.

The party seeing no way forward backtracks to find an exit to the tunnel.

## Understanding the under city passages

Candor interviews Charl to learn that the tunnels are used for transport between different parts of town. He reveals 
that sometimes interesting things can be found in the tunnels beneath the rich part of town. He also tells of an 
infestation of stone eating fish that he is trying to deal with down in the tunnels.

The history of the tunnels is briefly described to Candor as well. Apparently there used to be much larger ankhegs that
originally burrowed the tunnels under the town. A solid stone wall barricades the tunnels from the surrounding area, and
the existing tunnels were reinforced with stone brick.

Charl shows Candor the entrance to the tunnels, which is a spiral staircase into the ground from street level. Then
Charl goes into his home just before the rest of the party arrives.

## Rewards

- Experience from defeated enemies: 1400 (divided by 7 adventurers, 200 each)
- Spoils: none
- Gold: none
- Downtime days: 5
